Main README update (#1784)
raiden-network/light-client: README.md

      alt='' 
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35398162/54018436-ee3f6300-4188-11e9-9b4e-0666c44cda53.png" /></a>
  <br/>

>   Raiden Light Client SDK, CLI and dApp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Raiden Light Client SDK, CLI/API and dApp
```

  <br/>
</h2>

<h4 align="center">

>   JavaScript SDK, CLI and dApp to carry out fast, cheap, scalable off-chain token transfers with other <a href="https://github.com/raiden-network/raiden">Raiden Clients</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  JavaScript SDK, CLI/API and dApp to carry out fast, cheap, scalable off-chain token transfers with other <a href="https://github.com/raiden-network/raiden">Raiden Clients</a>.
```

The Raiden Light Client SDK is a [Raiden Network](https://raiden.network) compatible client written in JavaScript/Typescript, capable of running in modern web3-enabled browsers, wallets and Node.js environments.

> The Raiden CLI aims to provide a HTTP REST server that is fully compatible with the [Raiden API specification](https://docs.raiden.network/raiden-api-1/resources).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Raiden CLI provides an HTTP REST server that is fully compatible with the [Raiden API specification](https://docs.raiden.network/raiden-api-1/resources).
```

> The [Raiden dApp](#raiden-dapp) is a reference implementation of the Raiden Light Client SDK, which can be used with web3 wallets like [Metamask](https://metamask.io/) (Desktop) or [imToken](https://token.im/download) (mobile).

Reviewer: The CLI/API is also a reference application.

> > **INFO:** The Light Client SDK, CLI and dApp are all **work in progress** projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **INFO:** The Light Client SDK, CLI/API and dApp are all **work in progress** projects.
```

- [Run Repository Code](#run-repository-code)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [SDK Documentation](#sdk-documentation)

>   - [CLI Documentation](#cli-documentation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [CLI/API Documentation](#cli-api-documentation)
```

The [Raiden Network](https://raiden.network/) is an off-chain scaling solution, enabling near-instant, low-fee and scalable payments. It’s complementary to the Ethereum blockchain and works with any ERC20 compatible token.

The Raiden client code is available [here](https://github.com/raiden-network/raiden) and has been [released for mainnet](https://medium.com/raiden-network/alderaan-mainnet-release-announcement-7f701e58c236).

<center>
<img 
      width='750px' 
      alt='' 

>       src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43838780/85526750-8ecdc680-b60a-11ea-8a42-07da6b0f8296.png" />

Reviewer: Nice 👍

</center>

The goal of the Raiden Light Client SDK is to provide an easy-to-use framework, which can be integrated by any JavaScript developer. The SDK will simplify the process of embedding and using the Raiden Network for token transfers in decentralized applications

With the SDK we want to make your life as a dApp developer easier by:

> - Providing an easy way for your dApp to interact with the Raiden Network.

Reviewer: I would like to keep it in an active voice

see: https://developers.google.com/style/voice

- Providing help for you to enable your users to make transfers and receive tokens using their consumer wallets like imToken and MetaMask.
- Making it possible to transfer and receive tokens using low end devices.

## Architecture

### [Raiden Light Client SDK](./raiden-ts/README.md)

This is a standalone Typescript library which contains all the low level machinery to interact with the Ethereum blockchain and the Raiden Network.

> Its target audience is blockchain and dApp developers looking to interact with the Raiden Network from their apps. Targeting browsers and Node.js as initial platforms allows the SDK to reach a majority of the current and in-development dApps, as well as to work as a common language reference implementation for ports and re-implementations in other languages and environments.

Reviewer: Nitpick: Performing transfer is more relevant than interacting ;)

Go to the [SDK Documentation](https://lightclient.raiden.network/docs/) for more information on how to install and use the SDK.

> ### CLI Documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### CLI/API Documentation
```
Check if the reference in the table of contents still works with my change. Thanks :)

> Go to the [CLI README](https://github.com/raiden-network/light-client/tree/master/raiden-cli) for installation instructions and the current status of the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the [CLI/API README](https://github.com/raiden-network/light-client/tree/master/raiden-cli) for installation instructions and the current status of the API.
```
